Clarify `env` lifecycle (#4295)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event.md

- `env` {{<type>}}object{{</type>}}

>   - The [bindings](/workers/platform/environment-variables/) assigned to the Worker. As long as the environment hasn't changed, the same object (equal by identity) is passed to all requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The [bindings](/workers/platform/environment-variables/) assigned to the Worker. As long as the environment has not changed, the same object (equal by identity) is passed to all requests.
```
